I’ve been weaving in and out here, noticing the ways that I am totally not autistic and then in the next moment it noticing how I am
So one of the things that I notice is what I call letting myself talk like autistic or letting myself think autistic which I think is just like thinking how I think but I think that I judged very young that I think different like I just don’t have positive interactions easily And I don’t know why
I’ve often blamed this on childhood trauma, but I’m thinking there’s another layer. I can’t talk about my reality with other people because my realities a mixture of being an emotional being and also taking in a lot of sensory input and a lot of thought picture movies. It’s very hard for me to explain the thought picture movies because it’s so many words compared to things and trying to get the right word to convey the right thing is pretty complex so translating my thoughts into words, but almost everything has reverberating thoughts like into the past into the future and I because I’m in denial about it or it’s like a thing I don’t share with other people. I don’t have a lot of words about it because I don’t even know how to get it out of my body so I have this. 
I have this mixture of like complete aversion to other people because I can’t be myself when I’m being perceived and it’s hard to tell if it’s trauma or my behavior but my family is pretty weird and that you’re not on their side if you make them mad so as long as you kind of fake it and don’t make them mad and just tell them the right thing then they’re fine with you But if you
He hurt me he hurt me. He hurt me. I think I need to say that 100 times he hurt me he hurt me. He hurt me.
Maybe he didn’t know maybe he was just exploring. Maybe he was trying to figure something out, but he hurt me. The Mail privilege the deception of the rightful way of thinking you know one thing is that humans are just a pile of trash like we can’t stop being offended when someone says something to us. We are fragile, fragile fucking creatures and we think we’re huge And I think we are huge in America. The world is so scary right now so confusing you can’t believe anyone. The only thing to do is micro community but micro community is super fucking scary.
I cannot bring myself to do things right now moving towards anything feels like sludge and has no liveness. Maybe I’m moving towards the wrong things. Maybe I just need a suitcase with my favorite dresses and my favorite shirts and my favorite warm trousers and anything that wasn’t my favorite I just said fuck off so what if I wear the same clothes for a year? What if I have the same 10 outfits and that’s it that’s it so the 17 maybe sweaters I don’t know maybe I figure out what’s not a maybe sweater maybe I wear what I have until I see what’s not a baby sweater maybe I just hold my view by just wearing what I own Wear what you own wear what you own this is your fucking closet deal with it. This is your fucking closet deal with it change this expand this. Enjoy this. Enjoy this now or figure out how you don’t enjoy it but it’s an overflowing mess.
My brain seems to like to be smart. I wanna be smart. Is it because that little kidney that made up something made up that smartness is like the only thing that matters I don’t it seems like something happens in my brain. Wait a second where all of me focuses and turns on.
Can you tell me more about that when I completely turn on I can feel all my centuries all at once and it’s OK so the world isn’t so overwhelming although like I can hear an airplane right now and totally fucking annoys me like dammit I want silence fuck you, airplane noise humans think they can take over everything grows no Can’t breathe.