What’s it like to live in community? It’s a lost art it combines a groundedness of place in a world that makes sense. Our world doesn’t make sense right now so all we have is each other in our relationships. Let’s learn how to re-relationship and that means we gotta learn how to be real. We gotta learn how to be mad. We gotta learn how to pay attention to each other when we’re mad And give the great space and support care needs to be the number one thing like we can make sure everyone gets fed or you know like connection is the thing missing we could relearn how to live together we could make plans for cheaper things like is there a way to live more minimally or like what can we do here so that we can actually take back our lives take back our villages. You know if you live on a big piece of property Where is my fetish to hide myself? It’s like my life’s compulsion to hide myself like I must be completely free to scam her around, which means I need to be somewhat separate. I don’t understand how all that works but my wife mission is to learn how to stand completely strong in my own viewpoint And it’s hard without community because although community can overpower people if we actually have a community that just starts with one or two people at a time I mean this is gotta grow pretty slow, but we have to be intentional about it. We need to practice. We need to have practice spaces like learning to live together again That’s a lot of hard work like learning how to have secure attachment learning the fight can just help you learn a lot about yourself. It doesn’t make the other person bad it doesn’t mean the other person‘s out to get you. It means that you both got strong values here, and maybe even pain and probably misunderstanding But that’s a big part of being human so figuring out that it’s OK to fight like it’s OK to not say everything perfectly. It’s OK there isn’t one person that is supposed to hold the emotional burden for the other and sometimes your ability to hold the emotional burden clashes and that’s OK. It’s good to know when we’re powering over each other and like fighting can tell us a lot about ourselves. It’s an interesting part of the conversation, but it doesn’t. I hope it doesn’t mean the end of the conversation How we fight matters and as always in human endeavors, it’s a practice there’s not a right way in the wrong way because everybody’s doing well and messing up all the time so it’s a being unable to face conflict and not knowing how to walk into intimacy. A culture is very doesn’t have intimacy either And I’m an expert on the nuance between people and power dynamics relationally so I can walk into a room and start making assumptions about the crowd assumptions about their soaking in for each other. What culture is getting created in that room? Hi who’s the person in power in the room who feels like they’re empowered to speak up who stays quiet Who takes orders I can see what happens when people don’t talk about power on purpose who gets to make what decision that should be open information because some people can just hold a power position and other people are scared to hold a power position, but I believe that that should be equalize as much as possible because well I probably have a special interest in this because I’m a person that wants to talk about like I’m an intelligent person and I see the whole system so I can tell you exactly how things should be improved. What system is taking place what’s good about the social structure and what’s bad about it? What people are thinking or feeling? I’m like a sociologist like I could go to an event and actually get a feel for what kind of people are there how their seeking status amongst each other With the underlying like what’s happening so I like to study arc types and trauma and power down power a power down power seems to be the basis of the culture in the United States for sure like I don’t know how far it goes only I’ve ever lived here but my experience of it I’ve always been the bottom person on my families status tree like I’m the one that everybody kicks down to I think they can idealized me because they see like my they’ve seen me when I’m my most beautiful and I think I find that hard because when I’m my most beautiful, I’m also my most fragile because that magical being is so tender and has been hurt and needs support But I feel like it’s kind of Weaponized against me because I don’t know my family needs me to be a certain way no, that’s not