We have just landed in Florida 

And now it’s March 30th
Give them dignity in their world 
Their world view. 

Meet in my room just one on one with the boys. And go around the circle and say something we like about the kid and give them the option to say something but no pressure. 
And hear and listen their biggest complaint. 
And have it be sweet and special
In our room. Like
With tea. (What chairs??)

With Eric can I find a way to stay regulated. 

My job is not to convince them. 
Be the need. Be the person you want to see in the world. 
I’m treating you by my values. 
So deeply in love with nonviolence. 

The only way for you to learn anything from me is for me to become it. 
Allows you to absorb the teachings. 
This is the only way anyone can learn. 
You can only absorb. 

NVC 
How can I live my values. 
Inquiry in writing:
Speed wiring. The first thing that comes to your head and never stop
Writing and don’t slow
Down 
What do you first associate with leader

Authenticity is a power
Spiritual practice is his body. 
Everything is the guide. Trust my jackles 

Whole year will be about being with my body
I listen to my resistance. It’s important information. 
Depression for me
Is the practice of change. How  I am
Used to being in the world and ready to change. 

My body is my spiritual guide. Authenticity happens in the body. I didn’ choose my feelings and needs. It’s not my invention. It is in Me. God, nature, evolution 
An intelligence in my body is authenticity. 
I have to trust my body’s no. 
It’s scary to follow my authenticity. 
It leads me into the unknown. 
If I follow authenticity, let me see where it will take me. 
It is amazing that it knows how to care for me. 
Feelings and needs know something about life that my brain does not know. 
I split when I say fear is not my essence. 
Fear is dear
Fear is another part that has an intelligence 
The fear is very beautiful. 
The fear of losing her shows me how much I care
My body also says to be alone. 
I have to love and listen to all of it

My first answer is I don’t know. I don’t know the source of my obsession but I am obsessed with people. I relax and know I am welcome to the human tribe when people express appreciation to me. 
My primary motivation is to belong to the human tribe. But life is a mystery there is always more to discover. 
I wish people to come to me with curiosity. The mystery as I am. It is painful when they assume what I need 
1. Presence/silent listening do nothing. Not something to do. It’s something to be. How can I see human beings just as they are. A quality of presence. Seeing human beings for who they are. Trust empathy. Often people mix in coaching. I want to help. To elevate their suffering and inguide them. The essence is not to guide people. It is to meet them as they are. If you want to change their suffering then you are not accepting them for where they are. Authentically curious in really meeting me right where I am. 
     Trust the process. When I meet life where it is, it starts to move. Is that what it is? Is this touching the thing you want me to know about? I was just meeting what is. I didn’t change anything. The change happened. I’m trying to meet life as life is. I’m not coaching, I’m not designing. I am just meet g what is. I can’t heal people. I just notice what is. This noticing - I am only busy creating the connection. When connection is there, something mysterious can move. When I just create the connection into what is alive now, something can pass. A certain power can pass through. Trust empathy. Want to direct people to notice something it’s so subtle. But I cannot do this.  I am not a healer. I can only create connection. So much power when someone knows how to enjoy another human being. It’s the biggest gift. Learn how to meet people right where they are. It is the best gift possible for someone.  How can I connect with life by connecting with what they are saying? Enjoy the window to authenticity that they are sharing. It is a meditation. Enjoy the contestant movement in them and in me. Welcome what is happening in me. And what’s happening in them. I might have judgements. Welcome it as part of life. A journey into the unknown. Allow yourself to reveal what is actually there. I wish you meaningful fun. 
2. 

