I am trying to understand myself, and I am judging myself as different like I always have here are the ways that I feel different
As I look out in the world, I take a lot of information and every single item in the world has a story a history of lifespan images that go with it has a future it has potential has colors. It has shaped textures. It has science it has motion it has work. Everything has this really big story.
I crave to be in the story I create my brain, craves stimulation very specific stimulation. It wants to play or something at being smart I want I want to use my brain.
I was a programmer which I taught myself how to the languages that I was using, and I worked as a programmer, and I remember feeling like it was the only time in my life that I actually used my brain was appreciated for using my brain and kind of used up my brain so I had a kind of rest at the end of the day that was like a kind of rest. I don’t usually feel anymore
I’m scattered I seem to be built of impulses of inspiration of depression of fits and starts ex expensive to the moments. Everything everywhere all at once.
And then I have crippling fear crippling. I’m in this all by myself I’m making it all up. I don’t I don’t know how to be in the world with other people I wanna parallel play. I want to cognate I wanna feel everything and my intensity level is like 10 times other people no matter what social thing is happening it’s it’s going to go wrong 

I realize that I need to set the context for everything I need to be the leader of a group. I need to say what’s going on because nobody else knows how to do that and I need a safe context like cause I need boundaries. I mean if I’m in a social situation and I mean like say I’m in a Womens Group right and we like all go around the room saying how we are. I have to say the most intense thing I have to reveal the thing that is the biggest thing I don’t know why it’s like I must be known at the most intense thing. It doesn’t go well because I feel a vulnerability hangover I feel unseen because usually people are like oh I can’t fix that for you. I feel awkward barf bar barf fuck off be in your own place. I don’t need you to help me. I just wanna be expressed for fucks sake
So I have injuries around expressing I believe that if I express myself as myself that I will be rejected and left, so I have a very complicated relationship with it. I feel I need to say things almost that will get me left because I just like I’m always need to prove that if you’re gonna leave me, you’re gonna fucking leave me like I’m like there’s some part of me that’s like look either. You love me or you hate me but like just fucking tell me at the beginning, not in the mood for your bullshit
All of this feels true it feels true and it feels like a truth that I just can’t tolerate. It’s true and then I have scared parts that just stand up and say oh my God everyone’s gonna hate me oh my God I don’t wanna be hated. oh my God I want everyone to love me The fucking courage to be disliked for God sake. I have the courage to be disliked. I have the courage to be disliked. I have the courage to be disliked. I have the courage to be disliked. I think that’s the point where you’re just so weird you become cool again you know it’s like at that point we’re like I’m just gonna be fucking whack and I don’t give a fuck who I offend how I offend them because fucking the trap of offense is fucking everywhere. Fuck off
